docs/content/Reference/configuration.md, before:

KGraphQL schema allows configuration of following properties:

| Property | Description | Default value |
|----------|-------------|---------------|
| useDefaultPrettyPrinter |	Schema pretty prints JSON reponses | `false` |
| useCachingDocumentParser | Schema caches parsed query documents | `true` |
| documentParserCacheMaximumSize | Schema document cache maximum size | `1000` |
| objectMapper | Schema is using Jackson ObjectMapper from this property | result of `jacksonObjectMapper()` from [jackson-kotlin-module](https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-module-kotlin) |
|acceptSingleValueAsArray | Schema accepts single argument values as singleton list | `true`
| coroutineDispatcher | Schema is using CoroutineDispatcher from this property | [CommonPool](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines/blob/master/kotlinx-coroutines-core/src/main/kotlin/kotlinx/coroutines/experimental/CommonPool.kt) |
| executor |  | [Executor.Parallel](https://github.com/aPureBase/KGraphQL/blob/master/kgraphql/src/main/kotlin/com/apurebase/kgraphql/schema/execution/Executor.kt) |


*Example*

```kotlin
KGraphQL.schema {
    configure {
        useDefaultPrettyPrinter = true
        objectMapper = jacksonObjectMapper()
        useCachingDocumentParser = false
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Allow users to provide custom generic type resolver

docs/content/Reference/configuration.md, after:

KGraphQL schema allows configuration of following properties:

| Property | Description | Default value |
|----------|-------------|---------------|
| useDefaultPrettyPrinter |	Schema pretty prints JSON reponses | `false` |
| useCachingDocumentParser | Schema caches parsed query documents | `true` |
| documentParserCacheMaximumSize | Schema document cache maximum size | `1000` |
| objectMapper | Schema is using Jackson ObjectMapper from this property | result of `jacksonObjectMapper()` from [jackson-kotlin-module](https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-module-kotlin) |
|acceptSingleValueAsArray | Schema accepts single argument values as singleton list | `true`
| coroutineDispatcher | Schema is using CoroutineDispatcher from this property | [CommonPool](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines/blob/master/kotlinx-coroutines-core/src/main/kotlin/kotlinx/coroutines/experimental/CommonPool.kt) |
| executor |  | [Executor.Parallel](https://github.com/aPureBase/KGraphQL/blob/master/kgraphql/src/main/kotlin/com/apurebase/kgraphql/schema/execution/Executor.kt) |
| genericTypeResolver | Schema is using generic type resolver from this property | [GenericTypeResolver.DEFAULT](https://github.com/aPureBase/KGraphQL/blob/master/kgraphql/src/main/kotlin/com/apurebase/kgraphql/schema/execution/GenericTypeResolver.kt) |

*Example*

```kotlin
KGraphQL.schema {
    configure {
        useDefaultPrettyPrinter = true
        objectMapper = jacksonObjectMapper()
        useCachingDocumentParser = false
    }
}
```
